[Keyboard] Gowla Macro Board (#9643)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/gowla/readme.md

> # Gowla Macro Board

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Gowla Macro Board

![Gowla](https://github.com/SamGowland/Gowla-Macro-Board/blob/master/Images/comp.jpg)
```

> Gowla Macro Board
> ===
> 
> Simple Compact 3x3 Macro Board for use with QMK, designed and sold by Gowla.
> 
> Keyboard Maintainer: [Gowla](https://github.com/SamGowland/)
> Hardware Supported: Pro Micro ATmega32U4, Cherry Mount Switches  
> Hardware Availability: [Repo]https://github.com/SamGowland/Gowla-Macro-Board)
> 
> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> 
>     make gowla:default
> 
> See [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) then the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Gowla Macro Board

Simple Compact 3x3 Macro Board for use with QMK, designed and sold by Gowla.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Gowla](https://github.com/SamGowland/)
* Hardware Supported: Pro Micro ATmega32U4, Cherry Mount Switches
* Hardware Availability: [Repo]https://github.com/SamGowland/Gowla-Macro-Board)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make gowla:default

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
```
